what exactly are they hiding this is
obviously complete propaganda and anyone
can see through that we have witnessed
this before in history and we are facing
this yet again lies in our face and we
have to sit here and pretend it's
acceptable the bankers are criminals
working for the entities which work
against us do not fall for their traps
and don't fund their systems you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for for you today we are going to look
into what the FED said we are going to
talk about the
ECB Venezuela and more let's get into
this right away this is a article out of
CNBC it shows a video of Janet the F and
Yellen and let's talk about a few points
that she
made according to her the banks are very
much stronger and another financial
crisis is not likely In Our Lifetime one
of the stupidest things I've ever heard
but when I say that I have to think is
it Janet the Felon that is the one who's
stupid or is it the people who believe
that that's up to you to decide Fed
chair Janet Yellen said that the banking
system is very much stronger due to can
you believe this fed supervision and
higher Capital levels look if the
capital levels were actually higher that
would be great and I would be all for
that but they're not when you talk about
fractions it doesn't matter it just
doesn't matter fed supervision is a joke
because where were they where have they
been every single crash since their
creation they're nowhere to be
found and that's the sad part about this
that people people actually believe
it they really do when they talk like
this when there's a boom but when
there's a
bust they're not going to be found in
front of crowds of people they're going
to be hiding
away Yellen also predicted that because
of the measures that the FED is taken
such as what another financial crisis is
unlikely to occur in in our lifetimes I
mean what measures printing trillions
and trillions of dollars giving it to
people in secret not allowing anybody to
know what it was when the Congress asked
who were you giving this money to they
said no we're not going to tell you that
type of
measures really further down in the
article they've mentioned a few points
let's just quickly cover a few Banks
last week passed the first round of the
FED stress test okay the fake test that
they do all over the world to see how
they would perform under adverse
conditions like a 10% unemploy
employment rate okay they're they're at
that right now and turbulence in
commercial real estate and corporate
debt also going on right now I think the
public can see that the capital
positions of the major banks are very
much stronger this year all the firms
pass the quantitative parts of the
stress
tests I
mean does anybody believe that really
I'm not
even this is not a sarcasm or anything
like that I want to know who believes
that she also made a bold prediction
that another financial crisis the likes
of the one that exploded in 2008 was not
likely In Our
Lifetime talking about Leman brothers
and saying
that
this it would have been worse than the
Great Depression without the fed's
intervention according to her and many
have said that as
well I think that even if it would have
been worse than the Great Depression
that it would have been over a lot
sooner if there was no intervention the
Great Depression marked at that time the
most intervention that had ever happened
in the US that's why it took so long to
recover in part of
course there's a lot of claims from
Central bankers and other others in the
financial industry they say things one
way or the other but as far as I'm
concerned
they don't have any legitimacy at all
they are simply just saying what they
need to say in front of the cameras in
front of the people writing the Articles
and it just it's it's a joke ultimately
look this is back in 1930 so obviously
you know what happened in 1929 well
let's cover what happened in 1930 these
are quotes this one here President
Hoover while the crash took place 6
months ago I am convinced we have passed
the worst and continued Unity of effort
we shall rapidly recover that didn't
happen we have hit the bottom we're on
the upswing okay that didn't happen
either and I see no reason why 1931
should not be an extremely good year
well it was a good year if you were
shorting the markets that's the kind of
lies that we are told all the time maybe
they did believe it I I just don't think
so I mean these type of people have such
stake in the game that they are going to
spit out the propaganda I mean they have
to their businesses their jobs
everything's at State here then we look
at the ECB the ECB has been doing what
the bank of Japan has been doing has
been doing what the Federal Reserve has
been doing and that is printing money
the Euro soar to its biggest one-day
gain against the dollar in a year and
the Eurozone bomb prices slumped after
the ECB can you believe this the
president Mario dragy
hinted didn't do anything they just
hinted that the ECB might start winding
down its stimulus in response to
accelerating growth what kind of growth
does Europe have
really I'm just dead serious about this
I mean the central Bankers just
literally lie to our faces and then
you'll see you'll you'll go on to
whether it's Bloomberg or CNBC or
anything else go on a Trader floor if
you ever have the opportunity to do that
and you see them soaking up the lies
like a
sponge it's embarrassing it really is a
lot of these people literally can't even
wipe their own behinds and I'm not
trying to be
funny any move by the ECB toward
reducing Bond purchases would put it on
a similar path as the Federal Reserve
which first signals the intent to taper
down its own stimulus package back in
2013 took a long time in fact to do that
let's see they said they want to taper
down 2013 and it is currently 2017 at
the time of this recording and they have
not gone to taper at all at least what
we have seen publicly the ECB is likely
to remain far behind the FED has been
raising interest rates gradually since
December 2015 while the ECB key rate has
been negative since June of
2014 they're in big trouble they're in
worse trouble than the us at least the
immediate problems and if they pull back
this is it ladies and gentlemen get a
front row seat pop that
popcorn and sit tight because we are in
for one hell of a ride if this is going
to
happen one very small note I wanted to
make here out of the Wall Street Journal
uh
long-term US Government bond yields
which move opposite to the price fell to
Fresh lows for this year on Monday the
latest sign of investor skepticism about
economic growth meanwhile utility stocks
often refuge for nervous investors have
rallied this year okay so there's a two
points that I just wanted to make about
this showing you some signals showing
you some indicators that the market is
looking for a little bit of safety right
now at this time they're not going all
the way to something like gold but
they're sort of hedging their bets at
least to some degree Venezuela is in
turmoil you may have heard that I am one
of the only I don't know why but I'm one
of the
only channels on YouTube that's
regularly covering this information
going on in Venezuela I guess it's not
popular I guess it's
not maybe it doesn't get you the views
that you want
but people are literally
dying I don't care about the views I
mean that's pretty clear there are other
channels that have just blown right by
me doesn't matter I'm not changing I
don't care what gets the views I want to
do what I think is
important Venezuela's president Nicholas
Maduro said on Tuesday that a police
helicopter had attacked the Supreme
Court in karacus but a grenade tossed at
the building did not explode I mean I
don't know what's true true I don't know
what's propaganda coming out of
Venezuela but I have heard from many
individuals from there that are
suffering badly and they have confirmed
most of what I have read to you from
these
articles anyway it doesn't matter if the
situation happened or not we are seeing
the internal
strife in the different branches within
or the different factions let's say
within vene Venezuela something very
very dangerous is happening right now
because real lives are at stake and
they've been
taken so we have looting we have
violence what they're saying is
opposition activists say gangs of men on
motorcycles looted without interference
from authorities such groups are often
government supporters
apparently 75 people have been killed
Nationwide during almost 90 days of
protest seeking maduro's removal which
is not going to happen the guy is just
not going to leave and people have
stated they're not going to give up so
we're seeing people dying we're seeing
people being brutally murdered we are
seeing things happening back at forth I
mean there not just one way here I'm
sure I know there's a lot going on there
but the truth is that there's a lot of
pain and suffering going on All For What
think about it all for what for a bunch
of stupid paper money that's what it's
always
about Maduro said you know the same
situation with the grenade the
helicopter was flown over the interior
Ministry and I demand that the muud the
opposition Coalition condemns this
eminently CP mongering attack back and
goes
on I don't know what's going to happen
but what I am looking very very
carefully at
is the intervention from outside forces
I'm very very surprised that this time
that nothing has happened in terms of
getting boots on the ground or getting
the UN in there for something I'm just
really surprised at that and I am
looking for that to
occur you know that you are a slave
where you live when this happens if the
bill which is considered by the Senate
by the way we're talking about the
Philippines
here it's considered by the Senate is
approved signed into law the failure to
sing the national anthem with sufficient
energy would be punishable by up to a
year in prison and a fine of 50,000 to
100,000 pesos that's $1 or $2,000
a second offense would include a fine in
prison time and violators would be
penalized by public senture in a
newspaper you must sing it it's
mandatory and you must be done with
fervor look at
this the temple can you believe the
Temple of the national anthem Must Fall
between 100 and 200 beats per
minute I mean
it's
insane this is the type of tyranny that
people are subjected to it seems like
North Korea that if you don't cry
enough you will be punished in North
Korea seems like it's not too different
in the Philippines here in this
example this is a
joke driverless mini police cars to
patrol
Dubai this here I believe they said the
car was developed uh by a Singapore
company and here they are these little
tiny cars that will go around have
facial recognition they will be released
onto the streets this year apparently
and they want to expand on it they have
a drone that could come off the back and
it could spy on
everybody it's it's interesting to see
the way robotics have really expanded to
such a great degree in such a short
period of time I think there's a lot of
problems with them still I think people
don't really understand that yet but
they simply are looking for safety so
anything that gives them that sense of
being safe they're all for it they will
sign up to it and they will definitely
be willing to lose any of their
Liberties if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my latest
release global economic laps even more
informative you can flip through the
books at Amazon there's links in the Des
description the first book is about the
four asset classes and how to profit
from them then the second book is
familiar topics from there but they also
get into something called the money GPS
strategy earning income reducing your
debt and many other things check that
out at at Amazon but if you're
interested in the audiobook version
because either you are too busy or
anything else you can check the
audiobook version out at the money
gps.com
if you're still here here just wanted to
let you know number one I'm on steemit
for those who want to know uh it's an
interesting concept basically social
media that pays the creators and the
curator so if you give like a thumbs up
you get paid believe it or not and um
it's an interesting concept you get paid
in cryptocurrency which you can then
exchange for let's say Bitcoin which
then exchange for dollars so it's
interesting to say the least a lot of
people don't like it but I need to let
you know that I'm on there as well the
same information that's posted here is
posted there I may do some articles and
things on there as well little extra
bonus information and I just want to
also let you know you've seen some
videos of me face to face and I want to
do more of those but they will always be
in addition to these videos like this
this is my bread and butter and not
going to change that anytime soon so the
other videos are simply let's call it
bonus material
and more opinionated and I like to get
into maybe some different topics but
there'll always be in addition to these
so have no fear take
care